I am reaching out to you because we need your help. We want and gender inequality. And to do this. 
We need everyone involved. This is the first campaign it's kinda the when. 
We want to try and galvanized as many men and boys as possible to be advocates for change. 
And we don't just want to talk about it. We want to try and make sure that it's tangible. 
I was appointed as goodwill ambassador for you and women 6 months ago. And the more I've spoken about feminism. 
The mall I have realized the fighting for women's rights has too often become synonymous with man hating. 
If there is one thing. I know for certain. It is that this has to stop. For the record feminism by definition. 
Is the belief that men and women should have equal rights and opportunities. It is the fairy of the political economic and social equality of the sexes. 
I started questioning gender based assumptions a long time ago. When I was 8. I was confused being fooled bossy because I wanted to direct the plays that we would put on for all parents. 
But the boys were not. What 14 I started to be sexualized by certain elements of the media. 
One at 15 my girlfriend started dropping out of the beloved sports teams because they didn't want to attend monthly.
 One at 18 my male friends were unable to express the feelings. I decided. That I was a feminist.
 And the seams on complicated to me. But my recent research has shown me. That feminism has become unpopular blood.
 Women. Are choosing not to identify a feminist. Apparently. I am among the ranks of women his expressions Athena's too strong. 2 aggressive. Isolating. And anti man. 
Unattractive even. Why has the word become such an uncomfortable one. I am from Britain. And I think it is right that I am paid the same as my male counterparts. 
I think it is right that I should be able to make decisions about my own body. 
I think. I think it is right that women be involved on my behalf in the policies on the decisions that will affect my life. I think it is right that socially I am afforded the same respect as men.
 But sadly. I can say that there is no one country in the world well women can expect to receive these rights. No country in the world can yet say that they have achieved a gender equality.
 These rights I consider to be human rights. But I am one of the lucky ones. My life is a shared privilege. Because my parents didn't Love Me less because I was born in Tulsa. My school did not limit me. 
Because only with the Gulf. My mentors didn't issue that I would go last fall because I might give birth to a child one day. These influences with the gender equity ambassadors that made me who I am today.
 They may not know it but they all the inadvertent feminists who are changing the world today. We need more face. And if you still hate the word. It is not the words that is important. It's the idea and the ambition behind it. 
Because not all women have received the same rights but I have. In fact. It's a sticky very few half being. In 1997. Hillary Clinton made a famous speech in Beijing about women's rights. Citing many of the things that she wanted to change still true today. But what stood out for me the most. 
Was that less than 30 percent of the audience. One male. How can we affect change in the world when only hope for that is invited all feel welcome to participate in the conversation. Man. I would like to take this opportunity to extend your formal invitation.